feat(docs): new landing page (#34)
offlegacy/event-tracker: docs/src/content/en/docs/introduction.mdx

      <Track.Click params={{ buttonId: "event-click" }}>
        <button>Event Click!</button>
      </Track.Click>
    </Track.Provider>
  );
}
```

### Key Features

Event Tracker provides various features prioritizing both developer experience and application performance.

| Feature                          | Description                                                                                                                                                                               |
| -------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Declarative API with Type Safety | Fully supports [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/), reducing errors during development and increasing productivity through auto-completion.                                     |
| Powerful Data Type Validation    | Ensures data reliability through schema-based validation using [Zod](https://zod.dev/).                                                                                                   |

> | Optimized Performance            | Minimizes network requests through batching, debouncing, or throttling, reducing the impact on application performance.                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Optimized Performance            | Minimizes network requests through batching, debouncing, or throttling, and has no impact on the render cycle, ensuring optimal application performance.                                  |
```
 think it would be good to emphasize that it has no impact on the render cycle
